I know how many just hurt my mum's
pageant season she already started her
guide
all right jumpin the other side
Oh okay darlin just grab my ankles my
name is will Dean Dixon all right
Willa ding pop OH most people call me
will set for my mom who calls me
dumpling I can't be late this cannot
exactly drive itself being a bit of a
celebrity around here meant that she was
too busy for me you've got a hole in
your left by the way what
this must be your daughter that's my
daughter's best friend this is my
daughter Elodie
okay and that's when I decided enough
was enough I know that look
what's going on I think I'm gonna sign
up for the pageant it's gonna be like
protesting it will attain opal hey y'all
if you're signing up I am too wait no
I'm not the Joan of Arc of fat girls
gonna be so much fun
totally fun pageants are harder than you
think I'm Rosie Dixon's daughter it runs
in my blood
hey we really have to play to our
strengths my strengths are hula hoop and
I could tap dance hi stop it I think I
know where we can get some help what is
this place it's the closest thing you
can get to Dolly Parton around here
dumpling I don't understand why are you
doing this it's a protest we're trying
to make a point really being dissing I
think you're beautiful
to hell with anyone else has ever made
you feel less than that there's nothing
in the rules that says big girls need
not apply
I've got myself into something but now I
don't know what I'm doing you know that
collie saying figure out who you are and
do it on purpose
[Music]
viva la revolucion baby that was truly
surprised
[Music]